.TH "rtl_nfc" 1 "2023.2.0" RTL-SDR "User Commands"
.SH NAME
rtl_nfc \- a very simple NFC decoder
.SH DESCRIPTION
Uses a re-purposed DVB-T receiver as a software defined
radio to receive and decode NFC data. Written by Christopher Wade (Iskuri).
.LP
Much software is available for the RTL2832. Most of the user-level
packages rely on the librtlsdr library which comes as part of the
rtl-sdr codebase. This codebase contains both the library itself and
also a number of command line tools such as rtl_test, rtl_sdr,
rtl_tcp, and rtl_fm. These command line tools use the library to test
for the existence of RTL2832 devices and to perform basic data
transfer functions to and from the device.
.LP
Because most of the RTL2832 devices are connected using USB, the
librtlsdr library depends on the libusb library to communicate with
the device.
.SH USAGE
With a suitable NFC antenna for receiving the 13.56 MHz signal attached
to the rtl-sdr supported device, this program will output the
data decoded from that signal.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  rtl_nfc
.SH SEE ALSO
Original RTLSDR-NFC by Iskuri:
.B https://github.com/Iskuri/RTLSDR-NFC
.LP
RTL-SDR wiki documentation:
.B http://sdr.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/rtl-sdr
.LP
Other rtl-sdr programs:
.sp
rtl_eeprom(1), rtl_fm(1), rtl_sdr(1), rtl_tcp(1), rtl_test(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Maitland Bottoms and Precise.
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
